i want to jot down these thought before the move pas me and i forget them.

I see the universe as a tool, or a mechenizum that operates regaurdles of what we thing and feel.  much like any tool, if we use it in a particular way, we will get the entended results.  Much like if i follow a set of steps to clean my laundry, then at the end, I should have clean laundry.  If I do something like leaving the laundry in the washer for too long, it will get a moldy smell and I will have to wash it again in order for it to be clean.  I learn the steps to uer the tools to get clean laundry, and I can learn how to use the Universe tool to get whatever it is that I want.  Cleaning laundry is quiet simple compare to things like finding a girlfriend.  If i fail at cleaning laundry, I dont loose sleep over it or suffer some lack of self esteem.  I just step back to the step where I failed and start over to get to the entended result.  If I fail at attracting a particular woman, feelings of failure, of having to start anew, thoughts of not being good enough flow.  If I fail at successfully completing my laundry, then i know the steps to doing it correctly.  or at least how to get the desired result.  The feedback is clear and immdiate.  Unlike finding a girlfriend which may not have feedback that is as clear and immediate.  If one is paying attention, it is clearer, but i have been in many situation that I missread.  or at least tried to force.  Plus my washing machine is not going to get upset if I just strat using it.  I dont have to think of something to say or be able to continue a conversation with it.  My dryer does not care who I am.

i have been hearing a slight voice in the back of my head to be writting the book.  Is the book about 10 things?  Should I be readding more books?  They do help to focus the thoughts, but on what subject?  I find it interesting that Josh had offered the phrase, "What am I missing?", and now i am getting the message to ask, "What am I not seeing here?".