this will include the first 3 days of the trip and will be put into the file july15.md
it was good to finally be out of the country.  If I go to long without using my passport, I start to get a bit antsie.  Mike pikced me up right after he got out of the ocean, and we headed straight for the Sea Cow bar and grill. We were playing music bin.go and I was still wearing tennis shoes and pants.  That changed quickly.  That also was when the drinking started.  It was quite cheap to drink in Placencia.  Later we went to a bar called Strange Brew for karaoky and more beers.  I was trying to get into "island time", but had the various projects and chores from home on my mind.  What was I going to do about the different personal projects like the books or trading labs?  How was Dan and Caniloq going to play out?  What about Todd's fed grant and the IT work?  Plus a host of other things i want to get done at the Lafayette house.  I think the bigger energy sucking thoughts came from insecuriies about what moving forward means for me.  I started talking to Mike about some of them, but by the second day, I was tied of talking about them.  I then cought a cold, and the weather turned to more rain.  I liked the rain.  But the mind stuff was annoying.  I feel like i am trodding along a road with now side roads.  Just straight.  I know I can go back to where I was simply by turning around, but I dont want to do that.  I have already done the W2 employee, casino party, sit around and wait for someone to contact me BS.  I am not a big fan of doing a lot of stuff on my own, but at least I am doing stuff.  So I keep going forward.  There has to be an exit, or side road or town, or something up ahead.  There just has to be.
