# Journal — 18 July 2026

When I came down to Belize, I had a vague notion of why I was doing this trip. I always wanted to come to Placencia, although I was not really sure why. In the course of the trip, plans were made to do stuff, but nothing really was done. The weather was not fully cooperating, and for three or four days I think I had a cold. I think the point of this trip was not to do anything, but to just sit—more or less just sit and do nothing. The weather and the cold helped with that. We did go for a swim, and we have gone to various bar events over the last few nights, all of which have been fun. I do not know if I am supposed to make some grand realization like I did when I was in St. Martin and decided to quit working for Merick. That one was a turning point. Now I have two days left. I kind of wish this revelation had come to me a few days sooner. I have been meditating some, or just staring out across the ocean. The rainy days have been nice. So I hope I am getting done what I am expecting to get done, whatever it may be. But my thought is that I will focus on the meditation.

The day ended up being one of peace after I decided what I wanted to do with it and with the rest of the time I am here. Mike and I had breakfast playing dominoes before we headed over to the beach for a swim. We then met up with Greg at the Sea Cow for music bingo. It was all pretty basic day-type stuff. I could see where this would get kind of mundane after a while, but I decided to just go with it and enjoy it—something that I was not doing a few days ago. A few days ago I was evaluating everything. What is life like down here? Would I enjoy it? I was asking myself questions that may be good to ask, but that really did not have much to do with anything at the time. That is fine. After the Sea Cow, we headed over to Yoli's, which had the bronze medal World Cup game on. France was playing England, and England won 6–4. There was a small crowd there, which was nice, but not what I was looking for. I moved out onto the patio that sat out over the ocean. I was looking straight east out over the Caribbean Sea. I sat and listened to the crowd and the excitement over the game. I watched the different gulls fight over the dock post for the best one to sit on, only to watch them fly off ten minutes later. They were back in a half hour, still trying to figure out who was going to sit where. It was not long until Mike and Greg joined me, and shortly after that, Eric arrived with his guitar. Eric and Greg passed the guitar back and forth while we all had a few drinks and sang the songs we knew as best we could. The whole time I was watching the day go by. Big sailboats were mooring or docking in various places. Other boats went to and fro with goods and passengers. Kids and kayakers went off to do what they were meant to do. The birds kept hopping from one sitting spot to the next. I was facing east, so I did not see the sun, but I still saw the sunset. Large clouds floated across the sky and reflected back the light in hues of yellow, orange, and red—a vibrant tapestry of color that changed from one moment to the next. The whole moment in time felt like a movie set where everything was perfect, even if it was not. I soaked it in the best I could, feeling each nuance of energy between the people, the songs, and the sea. I think that for a moment I understood the draw of island life, if only a little bit.
